Add reset support (#371)
Qiskit/samplomatic: changelog.d/371.added.md

> Added reset twirling. Rather than propagating virtual registers, a reset in a twirl-annotated box discards the virtual registers, instead sampling a new random phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added reset twirling. Rather than propagating virtual registers, a reset in a twirl‑annotated box discards them and instead samples and injects a new random phase following the reset.
```
